Well, if I didn't meet you, it's your chance.
But since I met him, it means he shouldn't die
Go find another stand-in
No stand-ins
I want him dead.
What's your grudge against him?
Say it and I will do justice for you
Me and my husband
I used to have a happy home
Then the business failed
Huge debt
I suffered from depression because of it
I made an appointment with my husband to get rich and die together
Wife goodbye
If there is a next life
We are still husband and wife
Thank you, husband.
Sorry wife
I don't want to die yet.
It's your husband who lost you.
What does it have to do with him?
Let go of your obsession and go to life
I only found out later
It turns out that my husband lied to me about his death
It is because the family does not have this marriage letter.
Ren Gong men and women in order to be together
We have no shortage of Han slaves
Finally killed my child